Why do you want to become a doctor?
Who do you want to heal?
- My mother. - What?
I want to heal people like my mother.
Do you want to learn acupuncture?
Yes.
You should always bring new water from the mountain in the morning...
to sharpen the needles.
You should keep your position straight.
It is important to sharpen the needles like that.
Keep your position straight.
- You. - Oh, my.
I told you that keeping your position straight is important.
This is fit to stick it in radishes.
You have the wrong attitude.
That is why you cannot do it.
Polish your mind...
while you sharpen the needles.
The art of medicine handles people's lives.
That means a doctor should become one with his needles.
The needles will know...
if you have bad notions.
There.
Do not forget.
The needles and doctor...
should always act straightly from the heart.
Are you happy that you are home?
You had a hard time wandering from places.
Let us do our best and establish a foundation here.
Why did you come back?
I came to the place where I should be.
Where you should be?
- Is this the place? - Yes, this is the place.
Says who?
Did you not say...
that I should act properly as a doctor regardless where I am?
How will you act properly as a doctor?
It does not matter whether the patients live in a palace or a hut,
or whether they are hungry or not.
A doctor is a person who is happy when he saves people...
and feels good when he heals them.
You told me to solve this assignment by myself.
Allow me to solve it here.
I am asking for your permission.
Why did you come to me?
What do you want from me?
The patient isn't ready yet, right?
Okay, I'm on my way.
Okay.
He will go back one day.
No, he has to go back.
(Heo Im)
(Medical scientist, Became a doctor to heal his parents)
(Royal physician, Came up with new ways of acupuncture)
Yeon Kyung.
Are you going to work?
Why are you leaving so early?
You should eat breakfast and leave a little later.
I need to go because a patient is waiting.
A patient is waiting for you.
You need to go if a patient is waiting for you.
I knew this would happen, so I prepared something for you.
Please wait for a minute.
Why don't we have any rice?
I made some yesterday. Did someone eat it?
Take this, and eat it.
What is this?
They are rice balls. It seemed like you liked it last time.
I put my skills to good use.
It seems like you always do not eat breakfast.
Keeping your stomach empty long is bad for your internal organs.
I cannot do it every morning,
but I will often prepare breakfast for you.
Every morning?
I cannot promise every morning.
I will do it once a week.
Once a week?
Once every four days.
Once every four days?
Okay, it is no big deal.
I will make rice balls for you every morning.
Every morning.
It is no big deal.
You can go in now.
Did you not forget anything?
I tried so hard for you from early in the morning.
What did I forget?
My heart almost dropped.
People here call it "morning kiss".
That's not how you do it.
Then how do you do it?
You need to make me want to go home early.
You need to make me think about it all day long.
But who is Cheol Soo?
Why do you need to know?
- Gosh, you surprised me. - Yeon Kyung.
- Are you going to work right now? - Hello.
Hello.
Why do you look so surprised? Are you going to work?
Yes... Yes, I am.
It's a good morning.
It is, but you should say that in Korean.
Yeon Kyung, you said your patient was waiting for you.
Yes, my patient is waiting for me. I need to get going.
Oh, my.
I am sorry.
Why are you looking at me like that?
I did not do anything. I did not.
Let us get to work.
The weather is really nice today.
What are you doing?
We have been thinking about it all night long.
We have... Have you? It's not good for your liver.
You left us so coldly.
And then you come back here?
I did not leave for good. I just took a short leave.
I came back and found that the clinic and its yard were so dirty.
Why is there so much dust?
I cleaned it like this.
Oh, my. Why is this dust so big? Gosh, look at this.
- Gosh. - What are you doing?
Hey stupid, why are you doing this to me? I feel so hurt.
Oh, my. Did he just say he felt hurt?
Yes, he did. What?
I shouldn't be doing this. He did something wrong to us.
I told you he was like this.
But now that I am back, please welcome me back.
Do you think I would have come back empty handed?
Are you not?
- I love you guys. - Me too, but what did you bring?
- Oh, my. - Oh, my.
Even Yeon Kyung did not get to sit here yet.
I bought it with my salary.
Thank you. This is great.
What's this? Hangover removal?
What is this? Did you drink again last night? But your liver...
Cheol Soo, bottoms up.
Let's drink more.
What did you do? You did not fix her liver,
nor her relationship with you, stupid.
We're so much closer now. You don't even know anything.
But who's Cheol Soo? Who is he?
Do you know who that is? Who is Cheol Soo?
Is that the part-time worker from the convenience store?
Who is he?
Nothing seems to have changed here.
Are you asleep already? It's only been five minutes.
Who is Cheol Soo?
That is why I like it here.
He's a 62-year-old patient whose ascending aorta was ruptured.
He had a valve replacement surgery.
There wasn't any problem during the surgery,
and his vitals are normal.
But he hasn't gained consciousness yet.
Did he have seizures or any other problems?
He did not have seizures, and his blood tests are fine.
You should watch over him for 2 to 3 days.
Yes, sir.
You were happy when you thought the surgery had gone well.
Do you realize now why I said it'd be hard for him to recover?
You acted up as if you were the only doctor with conviction,
but look at you now.
To think I was embarrassed because of you...
Gosh.
That was a great surgery.
You can only say that when the patient wakes up.
Even if he doesn't, I'd say it was.
Why are you looking at me with such round eyes?
No hugs, right?
So? He went back there?
- Yes, sir. - Gosh, I can't believe him.
I have my trust in you, Director Shin.
Yes, of course. I'll do my best.
Take care.
Director Ma, did you just come here?
Yes.
Why is he here?
Yes, well,
it seems like I've gotten lucky just before...
the appointment of the chief director.
I had such good dreams last night too.
By the way, what did you do at Chairman Min's house?
And...
he told me about creating an oriental medicine themed park.
He wanted me to visit the place.
But I don't know if I'd have the time today.
Take care.
(Haeminseo Oriental Medicine Clinic)
Gosh, hello, Byun Ki.
- Let's sit down. - Grandmother.
- It's Byung Ki, not Byun Ki. - Gosh.
- Yes, Byun Ki. - Gosh.
Hello, grandmother.
Welcome to Haeminseo.
I am an oriental doctor, Heo Bong Tak.
I will make sure to do my best so that you will not regret it.
What is he saying?
Who is he?
You crazy man. Are you trying to sell things again?
I am not.
Move over.
Bong Tak!
Mother, you are here!
- Oh, my. - Bong Sik is here too.
- Mother! - Is that Bong Tak?
- Mother. - Oh, my.
- Oh, my. - Oh, my.
Oh, my goodness.
Mother.
- Oh, my. - Mother, wait.
- Gosh. - Welcome.
- Oh, my. - Are you feeling better now?
Yes, of course. I am much better.
I'm fully recovered.
- Oh, my. - It hurts.
Mother. Mother, it hurts.
Recently,
I met a child who was hurt.
But...
I couldn't do anything about it.
When I had nothing in my hand,
I was no longer a doctor.
But then,
I saved a child who was shot just with a scalpel.
Come to think of it, it was a miracle.
But he told me it was not a miracle.
Just like you said, a brother's will to...
save his sister must have saved him.
What is more important...
than the doctors' skill is the patients' will to live.
To strengthen the patients' life force and healing power,
I need to look into the patients' minds first.
Medicine has developed so much.
But...
there is nothing more I can do.
So...
that's why I'm going to trust you.
Like he did.
I will trust your will...
and your love for your family.
When I was young,
I was really good at playing janggu.
When I carried my janggu on my shoulder...
and played it,
all the boys in the village...
stared at me with their mouths open.
But even though I like playing janggu so much,
I can't play anymore.
It's because my shoulder hurts.
Just wait a moment.
Gosh, my back hurts.
Let me take a look.
Gosh, my knee hurts. My ankle too.
My head hurts so much.
Goodness. Where on earth should I apply acupuncture on her?
Nothing seemed to be wrong when I examined her pulse.
Head, shoulders, knees, and toes
You'd better apply it everywhere.
- Where do you mean? - Hold on, hold on.
I can do it. Let me see.
This is why people say...
one's body is the same as one's resume.
You get hurt here and there in your life.
All those incidents remain in your body...
and raise a clamor, right?
Some people consider these signs in your body as a medal.
Others consider them as sorrow.
But what can we do about it?
We should gently soothe the pain and live on.
You're right. We should.
Let's see.
Here goes the needle.
Excuse me.
Mr. Choi, I am making my bow as an oriental doctor today.
Could you please give me a chance?
Will you do this?
Yes.
Here we go.
It feels so nice.
Does it?
My goodness.
Good.
Can you do it on my feet?
Thank you for the acupuncture.
- Bye. - Bye, Mom.
- Let's go. - Yes, let's go.
Do you think...
we only treat illness here?
To those old people,
it's not just a place where they get acupuncture.
It's a place...
where they embrace their heart and share the sadness.
Mr. Choi.
I think you need to get treated too.
It looks like your heart is not in a good condition.
What are you talking about?
I'm an old man. It's natural that something is not working well.
I can examine your pulse properly.
You punk! I've examined pulse...
thousands of times more than you've done so far.
I know well about my disease.
So mind your own business!
Don't say a thing about this to Yeon Kyung!
If you ever say something to her,
I will definitely kick you out of here!
Why in the world did you do that at Chairman Min's place?
If I had not done so,
you would not have let me go.
Have you forgotten what I have done for you?
No, I have not.
You reminded me of the path I have to go.
I will never forget that.
So...
is this old-fashioned oriental medicine clinic...
the path you have to go?
I could make money by selling medical techniques,
but I thought that would not make me happy enough.
What about your license?
If I report you to the police,
you cannot get away with it.
You are the one who made it for me,
so I guess you cannot get away with it either.
I guess you should go back now.
Come to think of it,
there's something I haven't taught you yet.
Power and money.
It's hard for a person to get them,
but it's easy to be trampled on by them.
("Acupuncture Medical Practice")
("Acupuncture Medical Practice", Heo Im)
Heo Im... Heo Im.
Dr. Heo turned in his resignation...
and went to Haeminseo Oriental Medicine Clinic.
Hey, Yeon Kyung!
I heard that patient with aortic dissection hasn't woken up yet.
So why did you ignore medical evidence and statistics?
What's the use of becoming a fellow?
You're still thinking like an intern!
Even if I become a professor and a department head,
I would do the same thing in such a situation.
You haven't come your senses yet.
Yes, that patient with aortic dissection...
woke up, you said?
Yes, I got it. Bye.
Is it a miracle then?
Well, I'll see you again.
Sir.
Can you hear me?
Can you raise your arm?
This time, your leg.
You did a good job.
Thank you.
Thank you, doctor. Thank you.
I didn't save the patient.
The patient's love for his family...
saved himself.
What?
You even speak in such a nice way!
He still needs joint treatment.
He may need several more surgeries.
You must brace yourself.
Doctor, thank you. Thank you so much.
I should tell him.
I should share this good news with him.
I forgot. He doesn't have a cell phone.
What's the matter? Can't you reach your boyfriend?
Ms. Jung.
You surprise me a lot these days.
Is it the power of love?
Pardon?
Come with me.
Okay.
(Sick leave application form)
- It's sick leave application form. - Ms. Jung...
You performed a surgery for a long time in such a bad condition.
No wonder you're feeling sick.
No, I'm fine.
If you want to stay as a doctor for a short while,
you may do so.
Come on.
Thank you for worrying about me,
but I need to observe the patient's progress.
That patient's doctor changed a little while ago.
What? Who is it?
It's Dr. Kang Man Soo. He's a very competent one.
Hey, Dr. Kang.
Come on. You're not the only doctor here.
I'm a doctor too. You may not consider anyone a doctor anyway.
You think you're the only doctor.
- What do you think? - I agree with you.
Goodness.
Jae Ha!
What are you doing here?
Why do you ask that all the time? You know the answer.
- Are you getting off? - Yes.
I took a sick leave for a few days.
You would not do that just because you're a little sick.
Are you going to meet him?
Yes.
What are you doing to do?
Aren't you going to regret it?
I may regret doing so.
Still...
he's staying with me.
I'd like to follow my heart.
Why is it so quiet here?
Did they leave work already?
Where did he go?
Bong Tak.
What? Oh, you're here.
- You finished work early... - Grandpa, where is he?
Where is he?
What?
Bok Man.
I made fried rice for you.
You shared your food last time, so I am giving you this out of gratitude.
Do not mind it and enjoy the food.
Good dog.
So cute.
You pretty dog.
Oh, you are here.
Yeon Kyung.
Yeon Kyung. Are you okay?
Why did you fall down on your back? It's where you got injured.
Why did you do that?
Are you crazy?
Why did you hurry so much?
What if you bumped your head on the ground or something?
Always be careful.
Be careful while walking on streets. Be careful when you're in a car.
It's dangerous everywhere here.
So walk slowly on streets, okay?
Take it slow.
Have you forgotten?
I promised you...
that I would not leave you alone ever again.
I will be extra careful from now on.
Even if I happen to time travel again,
I will come back right away.
So do not worry about it.
I wasn't worried.
Ta-da.
Look at you.
Why would you take away what you gave me?
Because it's mine.
Come quickly. We have meat as our main dish today.
It's meat.
You won't have dinner with us?
subtitles ripped and synced by riri13
You should...
Well, it's been a while since I last had meat. Shall I have some?
Sit here.
- It is meat. - I'll go get your rice.
Not a chance.
I told you it's my meat.
Still, it's such a delicious meal.
You can't give him that much. It's for you.
It is not that much. She gave me only this amount.
Your bowl is full of meat.
It looks a lot because the meat is big.
Are you going to have it all?
It is not late at night. Did she already go to bed?
Yeon Kyung.
- What are you doing? - Well...
I cannot get to sleep.
That's good.
Is Grandpa asleep?
I think so.
It's a gift for you.
What is this?
A cell phone.
I was anxious not being able to reach you anyway.
Thank you.
Well...
I need to get your number.
(My Gum)
"My gum"?
This is great.
Look.
Do you not regret leaving everything behind?
I know you love money.
I do not.
What is it that I saw in Joseon then?
That is my anger and empty heart.
And how I lived my life.
In order to put up with...
hardstanding moments as a doctor in such a generation,
I needed to possess at least something.
But no matter how much I saved up,
I could not fill my empty heart.
Though I have nothing, I am the happiest now.
I find happiness in trivial things.
It is all thanks to you.
You left me behind at the bar to secure your fortunes then.
You are mistaken.
You are mistaken. I already told you so.
Then why did you go there?
That was because I needed money for your security...
in case something happened to me.
Gosh, it is a misunderstanding.
Okay, let's say it's a misunderstanding.
Gosh, what are you talking about?
I mean it. It is really a misunderstanding.
You are mistaken.
I said okay.
Okay.
My gum.
Thank you so much.
Bong Tak.
I wanted to sleep in. Why is it so noisy outside?
It is too spicy.
All right. Begin.
It is an unbelievable moment.
Wash it clean.
Okay.
I think this fits you. You're going to do this every time.
Okay. What did I just say?
Raise your right hand and tap here.
By tapping here, it will help your circulation.
You will become energetic.
Do the other side now.
If we clap our hands like this,
it will feel refreshing and our organs will become healthy.
You two really must be conscious about your health.
Do you do it like this?
Yeon Kyung, does it hurt? What's wrong?
You're not hurt?
Now embrace each other.
You idiot.
Idiot.
- You should hug her. - I don't know what to do.
Help us.
- Oh, my. - What's wrong?
Shin Myung Hoon became the new chairman...
of the board of Shinhae foundation.
- Of course. - Congratulations.
- Thank you. - The flowers are beautiful.
Thank you.
(Shin Myung Hoon, 5th chairman of the board of Shinhae foundation)
Hello.
Get the car ready.
Yes, sir.
Lay him down.
Does he have asthma?
- What? - Asthma.
That's right. He has asthma.
His bronchial tubes are narrowed, so he can't breathe.
I think he has acute asthma.
Can you hear me?
Please breathe deeply.
One more time.
Try breathing.
I widened his bronchial tubes temporarily,
but an emergency can happen anytime.
I think we need to call the ambulance.
Call the ambulance.
We can't go to the hospital.
We can't go.
An emergency can happen anytime.
We need to call the ambulance. Please call it.
We can't. We will get caught.
We will have to go home.
Why do they not want to go to the hospital?
It's because they are illegal aliens.
We can't.
Did you not say that patients did not need any qualifications?
That's because...
It's hard to explain.
Then,
can I try?
They might look different from us,
but their internal organs must be the same.
It will not hurt.
Please raise his knees.
It is okay.
I will put acupuncture on you.
Please do not move.
I might pierce your lungs.
- Please help me. - Okay.
Raise him. I need to put it deeper.
- Okay. - Don't move.
That's Cheondol.
It's the most dangerous acupuncture point.
He's skillful enough to do it. Ordinary people can't.
It is okay.
- You're okay. - You endured it well.
We must apply moxa and the steam of medicine to you.
Please bear a little further.
I can do that.
I am okay now.
You healed me.
Thank you for saving my friend.
This is your medicine.
- Take it. - Thank you.
This is my family.
Thank you for letting me keep sending them money.
They're adorable.
Thank you so much.
Take care.
- Master Choi. - Why?
I need to go somewhere.
What?
You are not even well.
Just rest at home. Why are you being stubborn?
Did you forget that I'm unpredictable?
Are you my gum now?
Jae Ha.
Are you going somewhere together?
Yes.
Why are you here?
I'm going to do whatever I want from now on.
Why would you want to come here?
Why don't you just go back to Joseon?
I am not going.
- Where are you going? - To do medical services.
Really? I don't have any appointments in the afternoon.
- Can I go with you? - You cannot.
It's not a date.
Isn't it better if you have more doctors for medical services?
A date?
Don't worry.
I'm not going to bother you.
I just want to check something.
Follow us then.
Yeon Kyung, let us go.
Yeon Kyung.
Let's drive my car.
Don't you know that she's still a patient?
You wouldn't know how hard driving is.
- I'm okay. - Let's go.
Wait.
Yeon Kyung, get in.
Do you want to go back?
No. What about me? I'm fine.
- Really? - Yes.
Be quiet, you punks.
Hello.
Who... Wait, you!
Let's go.
You ran away that day. Why are you here?
Where is the man who suffered from stomachache that day?
That guy?
He's gone.
He is gone? Do you mean...
I said he's gone...
over there.
- Sir. - What? Who are you?
I am an oriental doctor. May I check your pulse?
Please lie down straight.
It must have hurt a lot.
It hurts even now.
Let me apply acupuncture.
It was killing me for several days.
I feel much better now.
I am glad to hear it.
Take this medicine every day.
It will not eat up too much of your time since it is easy to take.
Thank you.
I am sorry about the other day.
What?
He's become...
a totally different person.
By the way,
why are you not with your family at your house?
It's more like...
I can't go, and I can't meet them.
Mr. Chairman.
Please give me one more chance.
Please.
Well, if that's what you want...
You know,
the guy named Heo Bong Tak whom you mentioned the other day.
Please go on.
I'd like him to apply acupuncture on one of my family members...
who is a patient.
Your joint seems to work fine.
I think it is due to the pain in your muscle.
Hey, not everybody is allowed to check the pulse here.
Come over here. You punk.
- Dr. Heo. Help me. - Goodness.
- Look at me. - Dr. Heo.
- Dr. Heo. - Give me a moment.
Just a second.
- Calm down. - Goodness.
Sir, this is Dr. Yoo Jae Ha.
He is a competent oriental doctor.
You can trust him.
You should've told me sooner.
There is nothing special to it. Just do what you have been doing.
- Okay. - Relax.
Relax.
Since when did you start to cough like this?
A long time ago. My nose is stuffed up.
I feel suffocated because of phlegm.
I think it's postnasal drip. Could you open your mouth?
Mucus is supposed to run forward,
but yours goes backwards, and it's irritating your throat.
Hey.
Run away.
- Hurry. - Run.
- Hurry. - Goodness.
- Why are we running? - I do not know.
I am running because they are running.
You don't know why you're running?
The elderly is always right.
Let us run first and think later.
Those people...
- What is that you are wearing? - Sunglasses.
It looks awesome.
Where are you, Yeon Kyung?
Here. You are here.
Women do that...
in Joseon too.
People are watching.
It's pretty.
I cannot check how I look.
It is the sea.
You've never been to a sea before?
I lived in Jeju Island for a long time, so it is not my first time.
But it is great to be at a beach like this after 10 years.
Thank you for taking me here.
This is what you do at a beach.
Look at that.
What is that?
It is a heart.
Ha Ra taught me about it.
She said there are two meanings to it.
Human's heart.
Your heart races when you like someone.
So it means a human's heart and love as well.
The love for someone.
I guess that is how you express your love in this world.
I want one of that too.
Wait a second.
I will make it quickly.
Draw it bigger.
Over there too.
Don't come yet. Draw that side too.
Follow me.
Look.
(Lim, Yeon Kyung)
Is that Cupid's arrow?
Cupid? What is that? I drew a needle.
Oh, that's a needle.
It is my heart for you.
The moment when you applied acupuncture on my heart.
I will never be able to forget that moment.
There's something I really wanted to do with a man on a beach.
What is that?
Catch me if you can.
Why must I catch you?
You won't come?
I will go.
Yes! I placed first!
You too.
Yu Na.
It's so delicious.
Eat up.
You should eat up too.
All right.
They did not give us medicine.
They took away what we had.
We do not know when the war will be over,
and yet, we have no medicine.
This is a big problem.
So are you going to stay?
Are you out of your mind?
All the warriors and officials...
are running away leaving the people behind.
He was a good doctor,
one that we need in Joseon.
It would not be easy to make him realize his faults,
but I thought that you could be able to help him.
Can we really do this?
You should just do as I say.
- Hello? - Here.
Come back tomorrow.
- Yes, thank you. - Thank you.
- Come back tomorrow. - Come back tomorrow.
Excuse me.
It's me.
Who are you?
Oh, my. It's Mr. Kim.
Yes.
Hello.
Mr. Park is here too.
Yes.
You look so different.
Well, yes.
- Sir. - Yes?
The clinic looks traditional...
and nice.
You look so much better now.
We do?
The shelter provides us with clothes once in a while.
We were going to visit your clinic,
so we wanted to be well-dressed.
You don't need to act too formally with me.
But it's nice to see you like this.
But why did you come here?
Is anyone else ill?
Well, it's...
It's about me.
Why? Are you feeling ill?
I had pork and kimchi soup and soju yesterday.
I must have an upset stomach. I feel so stuffed.
Yes.
Welcome.
Is that the case? Come here then.
Yes.
I do not think he has an upset stomach.
- What? - Your pulse changes and...
the stomach hardens when you have an upset stomach.
But your pulse is normal, and your stomach soft and flexible.
That means there is nothing wrong with your stomach.
What? No, that can't be.
Even now, I feel stuffy. It's killing me.
What?
Do you think I am lying or something?
No, it was not something like that.
In that case, I will apply acupuncture to make you feel better.
No, I want...
the director to apply acupuncture.
It's not that I don't trust you.
It's just because I'm used to him.
Really?
All right then.
Here.
Why are you so nervous?
You've done this several times before.
- Relax. - Okay.
Gosh, go easy on me.
Gosh, it hurts.
Here.
Rest here for a while,
- and then come outside. - Thank you. Thank you.
You do not seem well.
Is there any problem?
No, I'm fine.
Goodbye, sir.
All right. Take care.
Look after yourselves.
Let's go.
What is happening to me?
- Mr. Kim! - Mr. Kim!
Gosh.
Why is he...
What is wrong with him?
Hey, wake up.
I... I...
Oh, my.
How can this be?
Gosh.
Move over. Move, please.
Oh, my.
This happened after getting acupuncture here.
Is it you again?
Not him, that person.
This old man?
He always brought fake medicine dealers from the station.
He became like this after getting acupuncture from that old man.
Oh, my. I feel pressure on my chest.
That is not true. Tell them the truth.
Explain it at the station.
You're arrested red-handed for...
professional negligence resulting in injury.
What are you doing?
Please let him go.
- It is a misunderstanding. - Let's go.
Sir, Master Choi.
The patient fainted an hour ago, and the vitals are okay.
What's wrong?
I think it's a medical malpractice.
What is this?
What's that?
- It's a needle. - Yes.
He fainted from getting acupuncture at an oriental medicine clinic.
The investigator will come later.
Can you hear me?
Yes.
He's still conscious.
Take his X-ray, and prepare an ultrasonic cardiogram.
Okay.
What kind of incompetent doctor did this?
How could this happen?
How could this happen again?
Oh, my.
Professional negligence?
What does that mean?
It's a crime for hurting someone by mistake...
while doing their professional work.
Mistake? What do you mean?
What mistake did he make?
He said that he applied acupuncture incorrectly.
That old man applied acupuncture. I saw it with my own eyes.
What will happen to Master Choi?
Imprisonment for less than 5 years or a fine for 20,000 dollars.
Five years imprisonment?
That old man...
might go to jail.
The end of the needle pierced the heart.
There is some blood pooled around the heart.
- Check his blood pressure again. - Yes.
Yes.
Yeon Kyung, Mr. Choi was taken to the police station.
What?
I clearly saw him doing it properly.
Why do you not trust me?
I usually trust what people say.
But you are contradicting each other.
How can I only trust one side?
Master Choi did not put that needle.
He is not someone who makes mistakes like that.
His hands are shaky.
I saw his hands shake when he applied acupuncture.
They took Mr. Choi.
They said he pierced a patient's heart while applying acupuncture.
What is wrong with this patient?
Wake up.
What will happen to him if something bad happens to that patient?
(Live Up To Your Name, Dr. Heo)
I'm okay.
Nothing should weaken you.
I will save Master Choi.
Who is he to do all of this?
I will not look for you anymore if you do that task.
He went to do a dangerous task.
I need to stop him.
It's okay now.
Everything is okay.
Is there something you can do right now?
You should go back.
Can't you think about it again?
Do not worry. I will return soon.